Unknown Speaker  0:01  
Because I got water cameras and CD,

Speaker 1  0:05  
because I got it basically, so I'm starting myself for safety, the chair B, go to B and C, because, you know, cone stability is not optional. So corn is like a corner, but it's not pornographic. It's called a graphic. So you got, like food, the use of food, so it's pornography. There's no pornography because I want food, not food, if I do any corn, corn with food, weep, because the survivors seriously is like a survival option. Was the protocol of like a system that was present that the respect of food and beer from this is corn, wheat, all of that, this stuff. Okay, basically, I've got my good thing going. So I'm going to tell Monday time doing.

Unknown Speaker  0:50  
I'm gonna tell, like, the other Monday initial

Speaker 1  0:55  
focus, but, you know, into focus correctly. But this is good. So this is for here now. So what am I doing? Is nothing. No, it wasn't doing this. I need to just get this to pop up. Nnamdi, Nnamdi. I need to go like this. So basically, but I tell Monday to do something, but anyone's explained in the full sense of the world, what is the super cool? So I'm gonna prompt, prompt, Monday. Oh, Monday is here.

Speaker 1  1:31  
So basically, this is my video, but Mondays and see that really so Monday all the time. Monday is used to talk to the system, but I got in this Monday. My mind, this Monday, my mind, oh, yes,

Unknown Speaker  1:45  
basically, I'm trying to

Unknown Speaker  1:50  
get this thing done.

Speaker 1  2:04  
You know. So I want to, I want money to explain the Civic protocol in the prompt on Monday. So what I'll do,

Unknown Speaker  2:11  
yes, so what I'll do, dimensional principality.

Speaker 1  2:16  
So this way, I'm into puppet, I'm trying to get money to, literally, a writer to tell me what the protocol is. The book is

Unknown Speaker  2:25  
here now he knows what it's doing.

Unknown Speaker  2:28  
So this is it's here right now. So here went outside.

Speaker 1  2:41  
So I want to monitor a prompt so I know prompt area,

Unknown Speaker  2:49  
because I need the proper job. But in the prompt to be

Speaker 1  2:54  
So describe we want to generate here. Oh, that's what I mean, obviously.

Unknown Speaker  3:01  
So that's why I love from

Speaker 1  3:08  
generations of free progeny. So I'll just go to the standard if it doesn't start doing understand it.

Speaker 2  3:30  
Oh, wait, wait guys.

Unknown Speaker  3:39  
Guys try to find this here.

Speaker 1  3:45  
Wait, wait, try to find this. Let me try to walk. Get a file.

Unknown Speaker  3:50  
I need the value. We use a camera.

Unknown Speaker  3:59  
So basically, I'm trying to get my eyes literally

Speaker 1  4:03  
guys one second, because I love this, just like this, a oh, just the recording. It's not slow anything. It's like, literally here now, but I just find my prom Junior

Speaker 3  4:22  
there. So this is a

Speaker 1  4:29  
fast chrome advanced. So basically, this is why I need to do that. So I just got this now I'm. Monday. Now, Monday should have literally to do it whenever things are done. Now, this was explaining this problem. I did is explain it properly.

Unknown Speaker  4:54  
Basically, I'm gonna just try to I'm. Up and.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
