Speaker 1  0:33  
Okay, Nnamdi, I need to do this properly now. So basically, I just need to get done, but I'm gonna go down.

Speaker 1  1:04  
So what am I today? So I got to formalize this. My my camera is ready, but the secret was basically more tech is basically so tech, but I'm trying to make the first version. This is my first program, right? So I'm creating my, literally, the competition form of the insigib protocol. So end of November, S for Sarah, I for Indigo. G for golf, I for India. I for NGO is literally for water. That's again and for a night. S for Sarah, I for ink. G for golf, I for ink. I think so basically, it's $1 protocol, but it's not an or it's an Oracle compliant protocol, but it's all it's a protocol over listening. It's like war protocol, but it's not like a war program. It's like a chemical state for like an oral program. Basically, oral shell is another protocol, but aura is for alpha youth, umbrella, Arthur, Romeo, S for Sarah, E for Echo. Or if alpha alpha Romeo, sorry, not. Alpha Lima can try to get this Proko to literally be the best proCO or based I've made. But you know, in sigis is power Proko so fun downloaded, but this is if you want to download a Gussy Lang, G for golf, O for Oscar, Sarah isa Indigo Alpha llama, who's my best pro code to use at all times. You know, internet doesn't matter where you want, well, doesn't matter for your mask. But, you know, ghostly mask, you know, good to Mars. You have the Pro code there. It was a trusted arm but, but, you know, it's not for mask directly. It's for like this under the seat. So it's a seismic

Unknown Speaker  2:42  
protocol, but it's meant to

Speaker 1  2:51  
be, it's meant to be a model for, like, what is a lot of noise earthquakes. It's just a meaning, whether it's there or not, especially No Season of art is there for reason. It's artistic. It's autistic, that's artistic. But the pro code itself is based on given a digitally the equivalent of it. So identify and so, so you got this a pro code here, but what's it for? Well, let me try and get it Nnamdi

Unknown Speaker  3:31  
up here for a while, problems to

Speaker 1  3:36  
formalize in radiography. So five problems to formalize in radiography first problem, patient identification, error, failure to correctly manage the correct patient, because wristbands are apparently optional equations.

Unknown Speaker  3:51  
What So, basically,

Speaker 1  3:55  
so basically, this problem is like a patient identification, apparently optional declarations,

Unknown Speaker  4:02  
option optional, oh yes, yes.

Speaker 1  4:08  
Of color coding, because we are brown, black based on sparse water, sparse colors such as black or to gray, black to gray, never white, RGB, Royal green, blue, color area and paint brush into square areas. I can dispose my colors from the overs of others. I know when I land the spectrum of that. Color and this and this came to pressure that color into my brown holiya. So I know it's me, satisfy me. So this probably stems from the patient education, from type one errors and type two errors, type one

Unknown Speaker  4:59  
error. One error, errors

Unknown Speaker  5:02  
made by us

Speaker 1  5:07  
to false positives information already seen for the digital systems,

Unknown Speaker  5:22  
true. Smoking.

Unknown Speaker  5:41  
So tomorrow,

Unknown Speaker  5:53  
most

Speaker 1  6:00  
space got time because it's done last time you got to do it, but the two equivalent time. So this space was the dimensional, space for time the time. So we do space for time. We do space union time with

Unknown Speaker  6:25  
the shed

Unknown Speaker  6:32  
of

Speaker 1  6:40  
time, and that's going to declare the system login. It's super login. Is how the time space. So

Speaker 1  6:54  
TM, time, SM. Uh, I need to show to find some like so I send half information, and then I send nothing. I give nothing, and even confused and

Unknown Speaker  7:02  
even stand out because.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
